someone produces T-shirts with heroes of games
someone in the circle but still capcom
more interesting in October of this year will be
released the play on the game resident evil
titled bayou hazard for stage
which will be shown in one of Tokyo
theaters the tie is following at the university
in the west of australia happens bio
a terrorist act and two guys from
organizations by son together with a girl from
police stars are sent him
investigate by the way for strong it's already
not the first performance
one of the previous ones was dedicated to is at
top not everyone hello my name is nikolai
wrasse and now I will tell you all
the most interesting of the industry
entertainment lately studio
we build sound
kickstarter campaign project
eco developers decide to make
the whole planet simulator is one of those
projects where it is important to look not at
graphics or physics here the idea itself is very
worthy will need to avoid
disaster manage this system whole
planets together with other players and and
occupying and driving to the smallest detail
sort of what they will eat on your
wolves on the planet if they eat everyone
don't hunt for two days the game has gathered
a third of the amount I think this project
will finance and before release it such
will get a Polish game designers
seems very tightly hooked on painting
otherwise how to explain their desire to do
psychedelic horror in which we
will need to look at the world through the eyes
crazy artist in the game you will
surround
terrible visions of the protagonist who
are him so that he can complete his
The main picture player sapphire will be released 27
August unfortunately afraid is offered
only with a mouse in hand the game comes out
exclusive to letters completely
unexpectedly square enix announced that
that the new part of the famous finale
fantasy will be released simultaneously worldwide
before all new parts first came out
in Japan and only after a while
traveled to the west and from headquarters
companies have already complained that for
In order to realize this they will have to
reorganize internally
the structure of their work is a pity only the date
Released 15 fantasy file is still not
assigned although promise until the end of 2016 i
to be honest I can not wait gorilla
games which develops horizon zero
dawn has released an official guide for
cosplayers which is shown in detail
all the details of the main character's appearance
games ranging from clothing to
pigmentation on the face and hairdo it all
accompanied by a detailed description and
tips sorry only did not indicate how
make the same bow and arrows in general
The idea is certainly interesting, good
cosplayers are your free ads
whether the product will only want good
cosplayer to follow at all some
general guide as it were, on the contrary, not
scared away from the company league is now announcements
little but about new collectibles
figurines always have a story to tell
company ass lchi shock released
statuette blanks from street fighter
statuette exclusive worth befitting
three hundred and sixty five dollars but
she looks accordingly on the body
blanks worked out every muscle and even
every vein and tendons chest hair
ankles look pretty funny but
nothing can be done so he came up
in capcom there is a way a figurine and
an option for those who are used to being second
by player
kind of younger brother edishen he is different
only flowers but otherwise completely
identical to the first version of kotobukia
continues to produce figures by marvel
science
and got to the magic younger sister
callus in this form represents
a mixture of different trends of love for the beeches
big neckline
weapon in the style of fantal and fantasy armor
in the style of middle earth end up
it turns out pretty good and quite bright
especially against the rest of the series
and finally, I finally left
Cap's painted figure
from hellish play as expected
the figure turned out good but doubly
nice that the company decided to keep
original costume colors
otherwise whatever captain america was
without red blue and stars and stripes
although his face is like he
really wants to be a hokage
last week came out a lot
regular comics and new numbers
limit series so let's talk
only about the most important disy released
first number new limits justice league
gods and monsters
it seems that they are just
obsessed with this title
and they also released the first number of comics
bombs shells which women are heroines to them
to fight the enemies in the fields
World War II
ah di double double off the first
serial number comic continuation
secret materials
x-files season 11 and marvel already released
Fifth number globalku secret wars events
nearing the end and closing past
old series
last week last came out
number 3 volumes of spiderman
amazing spider-man 20.1 for today is
all remind you that this week
starts a new program about comics on
our channel so I wait from you
support and tips on how to make it
better in general, do not miss until a more
there will be a draw ducktales turned
very successful experiment and became
best-selling game strong on that
moment new orders from disney not
forced to wait long